rework the "customise your installation" documentation (#74)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: howto/install/deploy-bare-metal.md

> To deploy Anbox Cloud on a public cloud (such as AWS, Azure or Google) or using MAAS or OpenStack, see the instructions in [Deploy Anbox Cloud with Juju](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/deploy-anbox-cloud-with-juju/17744).

Author: Do the instructions in that other document actually cover (or at least work for) MAAS or OpenStack?

Reviewer: Yes, Juju supports MAAS and openstack as clouds, in the same way as actual cloud providers (GCP, AWS, etc), the instructions are similar

Alternatively, you can follow the instructions in this document to use the [manual cloud provider](https://jaas.ai/docs/manual-cloud) that Juju offers. This method allows you to deploy Anbox Cloud with Juju on a set of SSH connected machines.

## Prerequisites

Before you start the installation, ensure that you have the required prerequisites:

> * At least three Ubuntu 18.04 LTS or 20.04 LTS machines. See [Minimum hardware](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/requirements/17734#minimum-hardware) for details and recommendations.

Author: Is "at least three" correct?

Reviewer: Technically you can run Anbox cloud on a single machine (that's what the appliance does), however in production, the more machines you can use, the better
Maybe we should reflect that in the docs ?

Reviewer 2: Lets not mention 18.04 anymore. We need to get customers at minimum on 20.04 even if we still support 18.04 because we have existing customers on it.

* Your *Ubuntu Advantage for **Applications*** token. If you don't have one yet, [speak to your Canonical representative](https://anbox-cloud.io/contact-us). If you already have a UA Applications token, sign in on https://ubuntu.com/advantage to retrieve it.
  [note type="caution" status="Warning"]The *Ubuntu Advantage for **Infrastructure*** token that every user gets for free for personal use does **NOT** work and will result in a failed deployment. You must purchase a *Ubuntu Advantage for **Applications*** subscription by [contacting Canonical](https://anbox-cloud.io/contact-us).[/note]

> ## Install Juju on one machine

Author: Do we need Juju on one machine (and if so, which one?) or on all machines?

Reviewer: Maybe we should make a distinction between the Juju client and the Juju controller
The client (which is installed by running the `snap install` command below) is just a client. It can be connected to a controller running anywhere. You can install as many clients as you want, it's just an entrypoint to the controller
The controller on the other hand, should be installed on one machine (or multiple if you run in HA, but that's a different topic)

Here specifically, the juju client should be installed on the developer machine, not one of the machines mentioned in the bundle

Reviewer: Correct !

Juju only needs SSH access to create its controller, nothing else

Juju is a tool for deploying, configuring and operating complex software on public or private clouds.

You must install a Juju client on the machine that you use to run the deployment commands. To install Juju 2.9, enter the following command:

    sudo snap install --channel=2.9/stable juju

> See [Juju version](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/upgrading-from-previous-versions/17750#juju-version) for information about which Juju version is required for your version of Anbox Cloud.

Reviewer 2: Is it correct that we link to the upgrade page?

Author: It's currently correct, yes. It doesn't really make sense though - I created a task to fix it.

## Add a controller and model

> The Juju controller is used to manage the software deployed through Juju, from deployment to upgrades to day-two operations. One Juju controller can manage multiple projects or workspaces, which in Juju are known as *models*.

Reviewer 2: Should we link here to the juju docs?

You should dedicate one machine as the Juju controller. Run the following command to bootstrap the controller onto that machine:

    juju bootstrap manual/<user>@<controller IP address> anbox-cloud

Juju will connect to the machine via SSH as the specified user and install all necessary requirements.

When the controller is set up, create a model to hold the Anbox Cloud deployment:

    juju add-model main

## Add all machines

> Before starting the deployment, you must add all machines to Juju. See [Minimum hardware](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/requirements/17734#minimum-hardware) for the list of machines that you need.

Author: Do we add the machines to Juju? Or to the model? Or to the controller?

Reviewer: Machine are added to a model

> When adding the machines, start with the machine that you want to host the management layer of Anbox Cloud. Then add all LXD worker nodes. Run the following command for each machine:

Author: Do we also need to add the machine that runs the controller?

Reviewer: No, it's automatically added when you run the `juju bootstrap` command

>     juju add-achine ssh:<user>@<machine IP address>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    juju add-machine ssh:<user>@<machine IP address>
```

## Attach your Ubuntu Advantage subscription

Create an `ua.yaml` overlay file as described in [Deploy Anbox Cloud with Juju](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/deploy-anbox-cloud-with-juju/17744#ua-overlay).

You must provide this file when deploying Anbox Cloud.

## Determine the machine mapping

When running the deployment command, you must map the machines to the ones described in the [Juju bundle](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/about-anbox-cloud/17802#juju-bundles) that you are deploying.

Run `juju list-machines` to display the available machines:

    Machine  State    DNS            Inst id              Series  AZ             Message
    0        started  192.168.0.9   i-09a2fdb5e7a2e8385   bionic  localhost-1a   running
    1        started  192.168.0.10  i-00a05065e2768be5d   bionic  localhost-1b   running

The `anbox-cloud-core` deployment bundle requires two machines: `0` and `1`. `0` is supposed to host the AMS service. `1` is used for LXD. See the [bundle.yaml](https://api.jujucharms.com/charmstore/v5/~anbox-charmers/bundle/anbox-cloud-core/archive/bundle.yaml) file for details.

> The `anbox-cloud` bundle requires two additional machines to host the extra services required for streaming. See the [bundle.yaml](https://api.jujucharms.com/charmstore/v5/~anbox-charmers/bundle/anbox-cloud/archive/bundle.yaml) file for details.

Author: Why two additional machines? The bundle file has '0', '1' and '2'?

Reviewer: You're right, we should say that it requires three machines, although this is not technically required, it's good for production environments

Reviewer: The doc is currently wrong, it should read
```suggestion
The `anbox-cloud` bundle requires an additional machine to host the extra services required for streaming. See the [bundle.yaml](https://api.jujucharms.com/charmstore/v5/~anbox-charmers/bundle/anbox-cloud/archive/bundle.yaml) file for details.
```
